Add Lisk Mainnet information (#122)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/building-on-lisk/add-token-to-lisk/custom-token.mdx

    'Sepolia',
    'Ethereum',
    'Lisk Sepolia',
    'Lisk',
    'Lisk mainnet',
    'Optimism Superchain token list',
  ]
---

# Deploying your Custom ERC-20 token to Lisk

{ /* :::info
**This tutorial is for developers who want to bridge a new Custom ERC-20 token to Lisk Mainnet.**
 If you want to bridge existing tokens, you can follow the tutorial on [Bridging ERC-20 tokens with the Optimism SDK](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/app-developers/tutorials/cross-dom-bridge-erc20).
::: */}

> In this tutorial you'll learn how to bridge a custom ERC-20 token from Ethereum or Sepolia to Lisk or Lisk Sepolia network, respectivley.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to bridge a custom ERC-20 token from Ethereum or Sepolia to the Lisk or Lisk Sepolia network, respectively.
```

### Add Lisk Sepolia to Your Wallet

This tutorial uses [Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org) to deploy contracts.
You will need to add the Lisk or Lisk Sepolia network to your wallet in order to follow this tutorial.
Please follow the [How to connect Lisk to a wallet](../connecting-to-a-wallet.mdx) guide, to connect your wallet to Lisk or Lisk Sepolia network.

### Get an L1 ERC-20 Token Address

You will need an L1 ERC-20 token for this tutorial.

> If you already have an L1 ERC-20 token, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: Just for consistency
```suggestion
If you already have an L1 ERC-20 token deployed on Ethereum Mainnet or Sepolia, you can skip this step.
```
